README: Add JS-Joda locale installation and usage (#322)
openhab/openhab-js: README.md

See [JS-Joda](https://js-joda.github.io/js-joda/) for more examples and complete API usage.

> ### Parsing and Formatting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Parsing and Formatting
```

Occasionally, one will need to parse a non-supported date time string or generate one from a ZonedDateTime.
To do this you will use [JS-Joda DateTimeFormatter and potentially your Locale](https://js-joda.github.io/js-joda/manual/formatting.html).

> However, all the locales combine to a unacceptibly large size to ship them with the openhab-js library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, shipping all the locales with the openhab-js library would lead to an unacceptable large size of it.
```

Author: I accepted the rewording but cut off the "of it" part. I don't think it's needed.

> Therefore if you attempt to use the `DateTimeFormatter` and receive an error saying it cannot find your locale, you will need to install your locale and import it into your rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore if you attempt to use the `DateTimeFormatter` and receive an error saying it cannot find your locale, you will need to manually install your locale and import it into your rule.
```

[JS-Joda Locales](https://github.com/js-joda/js-joda/tree/master/packages/locale#use-prebuilt-locale-packages) includes a list of all the supported locales.
Each loacle consists of a two letter language indicator followed by a "-" and a two letter dialect indicator: e.g. "EN-US".
Installing a locale can be done through the command `npm install @js-joda/locale_de-de` from the *$OPENHAB_CONF/automation/js* folder.

> To import and use a local into your rule you need to require it and create a `DateTimeFormatter` that uses it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import and use a local into your rule you need to require it and create a `DateTimeFormatter` that uses it:
```

```javascript
var Locale = require('@js-joda/locale_de-de').Locale.GERMAN;

> var formatter = time.DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern('MM/dd/yy HH:mm').withLocale(Locale);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var formatter = time.DateTimeFormatter.ofPattern('dd.MM.yyyy HH:mm').withLocale(Locale);
```

This should reflect something like 05.02.2024, which is the common notation for dates in Germany, correct?

Author: I have no idea what the common notation is. If that's what it is in Germany we should go with that. I think I intended to come back and change it because the current format shown is the messed up US formatting.
